Socrates is a presentation analyzer and note taker web app. It will listen to you give your presentation, take notes, and give feedback -- both as followup questions and how to improve your presenting skills.

This is for the education track at HackMIT 2025 and the Wispr Sponsor Challenge:

Wispr
Challenge: Yap ur App 🎤
Think you can make machines actually listen? Your mission—should you choose to accept it—is simple: use speech-to-text in any way you can dream up. No guardrails, No “build X or Y.” We want to see your creativity. Just talk to your computer and make it do something awesome.

The only requirement: you must use Wispr flow and log at least 2,000 words while building. Recommended- use our IDE integration to build faster.

Log in with your student email to get 3 months of Flow Pro for free

Tech Stack: You can use any language or framework you are comfortable with. Only requirement is you must use a voice to text model in some way.

Some voice to text models - OpenAI whisper, Google Cloud speech-to-text, Microsoft Azure speech service.

Crazy possibilities include (but are definitely not limited to):

The Gamer’s Grimoire: Shout combos mid-battle and have them execute in real time in any game.
Discord bot: speak in english but posts in many different languages in different language specific channels.
Podcast or Journal: Speak random thoughts throughout the day, AI organizes them into coherent podcast episodes or journal entries.
Cheat assist: Desktop app that can see your screen and allow you to answer your questions with full context awareness, just using ur speech.

Bonus style points for wild UX or ridiculous use cases that make us laugh, gasp, or go “why didn’t I think of that?”

Prizes:
1st - New AirPods Pro + Wispr swag for your team + 1 year of Flow Pro and speedrun interview process to get a job at Wispr.
2nd - Wispr swag for your team + 1 year of flow pro and speedrun interview process to get a job at Wispr.
3rd - 1 year of flow pro and speedrun interview process to get a job at Wispr.
